update uninstall everest section (#81)
percona/everest-doc: docs/install/uninstallEverest.md

!!! note alert alert-primary "Warning"
    Uninstalling Everest will remove all database clusters and associated data from the Kubernetes cluster, including backups!

To uninstall Percona Everest:
{.power-number}

1. Uninstall Everest:

    ```sh
    everestctl uninstall
    ```

2. Remove the unused Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)(https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/).

    !!! caution alert alert-warning "warning"

        - Ensure that you do not remove any CRDs that are being used by the operators. Removing these CRDs can lead to unexpected behavior and errors in Percona Everest.
        - Before proceeding with Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) cleanup, check that any custom resources linked with CRDs are removed. This is a crucial step because deleting CRDs can potentially cause issues with any custom resources that depend on those definitions within the cluster.

## How to remove CRDs

> During the installation of Everest, the following operators will be installed:

Reviewer: Since the user is looking at the uninstall documentation maybe we should change the verb tense
```suggestion
During the installation of Everest, the following operators are installed:
```

    
- Everest
- VictoriaMetrics
- OLM

> Besides the operators mentioned above, you need to install at least one of the following operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the operators mentioned above, you must have installed at least one of the following operators.
```

    
- [Percona Operator for MySQL(PXC)](https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mysql/pxc/index.html)
- [Percona Operator for MongoDB(PSMDB)](https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-mongodb/index.html)
- [Percona Operator for PostgreSQL](https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-postgresql/2.0/index.html)

    
### List of CRDs for the operators

Below is a list of CRDs for different operators.

> === "CRDs for operators installed with Percona Everest"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "CRDs of operators installed with Percona Everest"
```

        operators.operators.coreos.com
        subscriptions.operators.coreos.co
        ```

    ??? example "VictoriaMetrics operator"
        ```
        vmrules.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmnodescrapes.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmauths.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmprobes.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmpodscrapes.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmsingles.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmstaticscrapes.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmservicescrapes.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmalertmanagerconfigs.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmalertmanagers.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmalerts.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmagents.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmclusters.operator.victoriametrics.com
        vmusers.operator.victoriametrics.com
        ```

    ??? example "Everest operator"
        ```
        databaseclusterbackups.everest.percona.com
        databaseclusters.everest.percona.com
        databaseengines.everest.percona.com
        backupstorages.everest.percona.com
        databaseclusterrestores.everest.percona.com
        monitoringconfigs.everest.percona.com
        ```

> === "CRDs for operators that you need to select (at least one)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "CRDs of optional operators that you must have selected (at least one)"
```

    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "monitoringconfigs.everest.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconaxtradbclusterbackups.pxc.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconaxtradbclusterrestores.pxc.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconaxtradbclusters.pxc.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconaservermongodbbackups.psmdb.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconaservermongodbrestores.psmdb.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconaservermongodbs.psmdb.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconapgbackups.pgv2.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconapgrestores.pgv2.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "perconapgclusters.pgv2.percona.com" deleted
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "postgresclusters.postgres-operator.crunchydata.com" deleted
    ```

> #### Remove CRD for PostreSQL operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Remove CRDs of Percona's PostgreSQL operator but keep Crunchy Data's PostgreSQL operator CRDs
```

Author: This is a very long title. I do not think it is a good idea to include this.

> If you are using the PostreSQL operator from **Crunchy Data**, do not remove the `postgresclusters.postgres-operator.crunchydata.com` CRD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the PostgreSQL operator from **Crunchy Data**, do not remove the `postgresclusters.postgres-operator.crunchydata.com` CRD. 
```

In this case, run the following command:

```sh
cat <<EOF | xargs kubectl delete crd
perconapgbackups.pgv2.percona.com
perconapgrestores.pgv2.percona.com

> perconapgclusters.pgv2.percona.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perconapgclusters.pgv2.percona.com
EOF
```
